Topics to address in future increments
------------


EBC operations: if they are made active operations, would then the need for TLS go away?
probably.
also this would enable them to be sources of events without special initialization.
and this would make it easier to move the UI into a flow, because a dialog class naturally is an EBC class.


Remove default sync factory from FlowRuntimeConfig. Throw meaningful message if none has been set prio to using MakeSync().
(Neither WinForms nor WPF are default GUI technologies, it seems.)


Map from any type to any type. Also from signal to constant.


Make copying IMessage/Message easier.



For functional units producing many results: do they really need to produce all results at once?
That would make them use a thread for a long time. But if such a functional unit produces an IEnum using yield,
then there is a chance of executing it in a piece meal fashion.
However: if the IEnum would just get delivered to a consumer who then "pulls" on it, the producer would just
execute on the consumer´s thread. Rather each element of the IEnum should be scheduled as an individual message.
That way each "pull" could be executed sequentially on a different thread.
This could work, if there was no single loop over the IEnum (a single foreach), but rather an element by element
pull: a single element gets pulled from the IEnum and passed on to the consumer. Then the remaining IEnum gets
resend to the pulling functional unit for the next pull.
This could be a pattern operation or it could be a functionality to attach via a port annotation.
Or... maybe the producer could return the IEnum wrapped in some special object which the Runtime interprets?
Goal: Retain simplicity of IEnum for producer and consumer. But avoid processing all elements on same thread as consumer.



Starting/pausing/stopping background threads and running operations
	How to halt the whole processing in a gentle way?
	Persistence of operations state and exec engine queues?
	Propagate to background operations.
	Can operations be notified? Should they need to conform to an interface?
	
Breakpoints
	selective based on port name filters
	

Consistency checking
	are operations missing?
	are there unused operations?
	are operations connected in a type safe manner?
		compare types of ports; no explicit types on streams are needed for this
	do ports used in streams match ports of operations?
		operations need to publish their ports; meta-data

Create stream list from DSL

Visualize stream list


Compile stream list from assemblies
	read from resources?
	
	
Take from queue according to a pattern
	This is supposed to emulate Erlang where "processes" can take from their mailboxes in order - but are not limited to the mailbox head.



---------------------------------
Implemented/solved:


Activation of operations upon registration. An ActivationMessage will be sent to ops with the ActiveOperation attribute. 
This allows them to store the continuation delegate for messages they want to sent without having been triggert by another message. 
Useful for infrastructure ops like timers, web service stubs or even GUI.


Slow-motion (throttling)
	slow down flow of messages


Add join as a special operation (with the number of inputs as a ctor param). Watch out: the join needs to be thread-safe.
	Instantiate with n inputs. Internally use a general join op, outwardly use a typesafe join.
	The join results in a tuple<...>.
	A join needs queues for each input.
Auto reset join: pair input i with input j and remove queue head messages.


Add causality push/pop as special operations. Does the exec engine need to know about causalities? Or can they be completely handled within
operations?

Report exceptions from async wrappers

Log messages before execution/after translation (instead of after retrieval from queue), i.e. log input messages

Explicitly stop async/parallel/serial operations when runtime is stopped

Move serial/parallel execution to special operations. No annotations necessary anymore. Makes for more flexibility in terms of threadpools
for certain operations.

Standard operation for syncing message processing

Port on exec engine to listen on all messages flowing.

Exception handling in exec engine: exception port

Remove sync mode from exec engine. Should always run async with regard to environment.

Parallel processing on many threads
	but still sequential processing of message with each operation
	do this with a special standard operation

Add a correlation ID to IMessage that gets copied with port and data.